Welcome back. I'm Dr. Chaps. We're live at The Return, a National Day of Prayer and Repentance in Washington, D.C.
and i'm joined by an inspiration, a legend in american pop culture but especially in gospel music and the gospel of jesus christ. pat boone is joining us.
How are you today, sir? I appreciate that intro. Yes, I've done a lot of rock and roll and a lot of other kinds of music.
And I'm not in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, though I had more rock hits than some who were in there.
but of course I committed to cardinal sins of recording other kinds of music including gospel so yes well you were elvis before elvis was elvis
yes for eleven months eleven months yeah i was the big smash.
For 11 months and then he came along and we matched each other record for record
All through the rest of the 50s, I had 41 chart records in the 50s. He had 40.
But it just goes, I had a little head start.
But, and then I went on, we both competed in a friendly way into the sixties.
And of course now Elvis has been gone for over 40 years. Yeah. And I plot on, it's like the tortoise and the hare. Yeah. Well, you're still, what surprised me to learn.
to learn is that you're still writing songs today. Yes, I am. I've written a couple of just recently, one I actually wrote 30 years ago, but it just became a viral.
I will hit across the country. Can't we get along?
and it's produced by Jimmy Nichols and sung by Wendy Moten and it's over almost six million views on my website, Facebook and YouTube.
But it's going national on radio and television. It's a song written
About our current crises in the cities
And the division and the violence.
And I wrote it in 1991 when
Rodney King was beat up very badly by the police. Can we get along with the slogan among the protesters? And it was a direct quote of Rodney King when he was beaten by police.
And by police. Yes, right. And the L.A. riots were going on, and he came out and
to face the press instead of saying something inflammatory. His face still puffy from the beating and his voice cracking. Can't we get along? Can't we work it out? Can't we work it out?
Can't we be friends?
I thought that's got to be a song. I wrote it.
But at that time all I could do was sing it with some black choruses around LA. Didn't have a way to put it out or...
as a record but thirty years went by and suddenly I realized
That this is what we're going through right now needed a song like that
So Wendy Moten recorded it in Nashville, a black artist.
with the black chorus and Jimmy Nichols producing I didn't sing it but I wrote it
And it's a song
Can't we get along if I offer you my hand? Will you refuse? We've all got so much to gain and everything to lose. Can't we get, can't we get along?
And the song cries out for that in the video
Which is one of the reasons it's gone viral.
is that you see from newsreel footages and local TV footages.
Clips
of people reaching out to each other in the midst of the riots. Police,
Protesters kneeling to pray together, raising arms together, children and adults, black and white.
Um...
Old and young, all trying to reach out to each other and communicate. One of my lyrics is, if I, if you look right in my eyes,
You might see straight into my heart.
Yeah. Can't we get along? And the flame that burns in me, it's...
lives in you if it's love I want
It's love, I must offer you. Yeah.
And so these
The lyrics are really touching people and I'm praying really.
That this song may be thought of eventually as the song
of 2020.
It's profound and it's a passion for our times. I mean, this is like, you know,
Although you wrote it 30 years ago, you could have been talking about 2020. Yeah, yeah.
And then of course written others like Exodus, the
The second Jewish national anthem, "This Land is Mine," God gave this land to me. Now I'm finishing a song with Michael and Martian, the name of Jesus as we
is as revealed by their rabbi, Yitzhak Keduri, a 105-year-old rabbi, who came out of his study on the day of atonement.
and telling his followers, his rabbinical students, "Messiah has appeared to me."
His name.
I've written it down and I want you to open it from the envelope in which I've written it.
A year after my passing, it has happened. And I was with Prime Minister Netanyahu two years ago. I was a friend. We are friends. I said, do you know Keduri? He said, oh, yes.
Yes.
We're very good friends, I said.
Did you know the controversy since he passed? He didn't seem to.
I said, well, he revealed the name of the Messiah, wrote it out in his own handwriting.
And then you know what i said which is
I said Yahushua
And i heard prime minister Netanyahu say
Jesus
I said yes wow and
Since then, the publisher, I forgot to take him a copy of the book, The Rabbi Who Found Messiah by Carl Gallitz.
And I called Carl. I said, "Oh Carl, I told him, but I forgot to give him the book." He said, "Don't worry."
The day after you met, the publisher called and said Netanyahu had ordered 30 copies of the book.
because their own most revered rabbi says the Messiah's name is Jesus' name. Yahushua, which is Jehovah's salvation,
The shorter that is the one word salvation which Rabbi Kahn has been revealing here Yeshua
is salvation. Jesus' name is and was salvation. The angel said he will
save his people from their sins. Well, that's why he was named salvation. And you're writing a song about this. Yes. The name of Jesus. Yeah. Yeah. The name of Jesus that we can all send Christians and Jews together.
together.
Well, this is the name of our TV show, actually. Pray in Jesus' name. News.
And I was the Navy chaplain in 2006 when the government said, "You're not allowed to pray in Jesus' name."
I did that anyway.
and i got in trouble for that. i know about that. i'm glad you tell that. yeah.
And you won the victory. Yeah, I was vindicated by Congress. I just be yourself, but for all of us. The other chaplain. Tell me that they're getting ready to call me to the state. Okay, I'll let you go, but would you say a prayer for one?
Prayer with our audience. There's some people watching who just need a quick prayer.
Lord, you know who's watching us. It's not an accident.
And Lord, I ask that you will
Bless these viewers and bring each of them to you and be what they need because you are what they need. In the holy name of Yeshua,
Salvation.
Jesus
Hey man, I think they're calling me to the stage. Yes they are. Thank you
Alright
God bless you in Jesus' name. That was Pat Boone. That was a miracle.
Uh, uh,
We have another clip that will show you right after this where I met him backstage last night.
You really helped me about seven years ago. You wrote a check to our small, small television ministry, pray in Jesus' name. I'm Chaplain Klingensmith.
But I was the chaplain who prayed in Jesus' name in the Navy. When they said they can't do that, I know your name. So you donated $1,000 to our ministry. Yeah.
That helped us get started and we are now on seven national television networks every day.
All right, we have a budget that's in the millions of dollars. And you helped us when nobody knew who I was. You believed in me, and you sent us a small donation, so...
So deceived to help us get started. I just want to thank you for that. It means a lot to me. The best that God uses when we don't even have any kind of
The concept of housing. Yeah.
What we just do when we can like the widow and the mice yeah she didn't know anything didn't advise watching her because she's in the bible
1.2. That's right.
You're a little act of faithfulness. I wanted to refer that back to you. Thank you. Take action today. Dr. Chaps needs you to sign an important online petition.
Today, I want to invite you to sign a critical petition to defend innocent babies and to end abortion in America.
On this show, we like to pray and petition God.
But we also need you to take action today by petitioning Congress.
To stop the taxpayer-funded child killing.
especially by defunding Planned Parenthood, America's number one abortion provider.
Why are your taxes paying to murder innocent children in the womb?
or if congress would simply define personhood as life beginning at conception, we can reverse roe versus wade.
Please join me today by signing this important petition to Congress. Visit PrayinJesusName.org
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org and sign your petition today. Sign today's petition right now. Again, visit PrayInJesusName.org to sign our petition today.
I'm our petition right now.
Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the air. Would you please send your best financial donation today? Please visit PrayInJesusNeed.org to donate online or you can mail a check to PrayInJesusNeed.org
to pray in Jesus' name ministries. Post Office Box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970. You can also call us toll free right now. 866-Obey God.
That's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D. Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org. Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org. Thank you.